All languages' characters are mapped in unicode. The number attached to the character is called a code point.
Even emojis are mapped in unicode. That's why I can write this: 😒😒

The word “emoji” comes from Japanese, where “e” means picture and “moji” means character

The char data type must be wrapped in single quotes ''

The string data type on the other hand must be wrapped in double quotes ""

Strings can be concatenated with other strings or even char

There is also string templates that employs the dollar sign

You can also use expressions in string template. However, care must be taken when using string templates
as you cannot control the output. Hence, using transcedental numbers could give you outputs that you don't like

kotlin also has multiline strings which aids readability. The strings appear as they are inputted in the editor

Pair or Triple are types that represent data composed of two or three values of any type.
If you want to have more than three values, you use what Kotlin calls a data clas

Type inference can infer Pair types too

The keyword "to" can be used to form pairs only that no parentheses is used and the the word Pair isn't used to

Kotlin allows you to use a destructuring declaration on individual parts of a Pair, and you can be explicit
about what each part represents. For example:
    val (x, y) = coordinatesInt

    where coordinates has been previously defined as a pair. Check the Pairs_Triple.kt for more info
    x and y both inferred to be of type Int

So underscore, "_" can be used to denote that a variable is not declared when using Triples and Pairs

The Any, Unit and Nothing are also data types in Kotlin

The Any type can be thought of as the mother of all other types (except nullable types). Every type in Kotlin,
whether an Int or a String, is also considered an Any. This is similar to the Object type in Java, which is the
root of all types except primitives.

Unit is a special type which only ever represents one value: the Unit object. It is similar to
the void type in Java, except it makes working with generics easier. Every function which does not explicitly
return a type, returns a Unit

Nothing is a type that is helpful for declaring that a function not only doesn't return anything,
but also never completes. This can occur if a function either causes the program to stop completely by throwing
an Exception or if it simply goes on forever without ever finishing.

Always remember, Unicode is the standard for mapping characters to numbers

Remember, Any is the mother of all non-nullable types, Unit is kind of like void in Java, and Nothing is well, nothing